Update Live migration docs (#2925)
timescale/docs: migrate/live-migration/index.md

# Live migration

> Live migration is a strategy used to move a large amount of data (100&nbsp;GB-10&nbsp;TB+) with minimal downtime (typically a few minutes). It involves copying existing data from the source to the target and supports change data capture to stream ongoing changes from the source during the migration process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Live migration is a strategy to move a large amount of data
(100&nbsp;GB-10&nbsp;TB+) with minimal downtime (typically a few minutes). It
achieves low downtime by simultaneously 1) copying existing data from the
source database to the target database and 2) recording ongoing changes which
are made on the source. When the initial data copy completes, it continuously
applies the recorded transactions to the target database until the target
database is fully caught up with the source database. At this point the
application's database connection is switched to the target database (which may
result in a short downtime), and the migration is complete.
```

Reviewer 2: I think `1)` & `2)` is not normal in docs. 

> When the initial data copy completes, it continuously
applies the recorded transactions

When the initial data copy completes, live migration applies the recorded transactions ...

> In contrast, [pg_dump/restore][pg-dump-and-restore] only supports copying the database from the source to the target without capturing ongoing changes, which results in downtime. On the other hand, the [dual-write and backfill] method requires setting up dual write in the application logic. This method is recommended only for append-only workloads as it does not support updates and deletes during migration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In contrast, [pg_dump/restore][pg-dump-and-restore] only supports copying data
from the source to the target without recording ongoing changes, so
applications which are writing must be stopped for the duration of the
migration. On the other hand, the [dual-write and backfill] method also
provides a way to migrate with low downtime, but requires modifying your
application to write to two databases simultaneously, and only works with
append-only workloads as it does not support updates and deletes during
migration.
```

- [Live migration from PostgreSQL][from-postgres]
- [Live migration from TimescaleDB][from-timescaledb]

> If you want to have more control over migration and prefer to manually migrate data from PostgreSQL, refer to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to have more control over the migration and prefer to manually migrate data from PostgreSQL, refer to 
```
